README.md, before:

# esx_identity

### Requirements
* [es_extended](https://github.com/ESX-Org/es_extended)
* [My esx_skin](https://github.com/ArkSeyonet/esx_skin)
* [My esx_voice](https://github.com/ArkSeyonet/esx_voice)
* [My chat](https://github.com/ArkSeyonet/chat)

## Download & Installation

### Using [fvm](https://github.com/qlaffont/fvm-installer)
```
fvm install --save --folder=esx ArkSeyonet/esx_identity
```

### Using Git
```
cd resources
git clone https://github.com/ArkSeyonet/esx_identity.git [esx]/esx_identity
```

### Manually
- Download https://github.com/ArkSeyonet/esx_identity/archive/master.zip
- Put it in the `[esx]` directory

## Installation
- Install my version of esx_skin
- Install my version of esx_voice
- Add this to your `server.cfg`:

```
start esx_identity
```

## Notes

* If you have any sources for esx_identity that date before this update was released, since this is an entirely new project re-coded from scratch, then you may use them following the licenses of the old script.

# Legal
### License
esx_identity - Re-Coded Character Creation For ESX

Copyright 2017-2019, David Miles, All rights reserved.

* [Link To License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/legalcode)

Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International Public License

* Attribution — You must give appropriate credit. If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.

* NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes. A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.

* NoDerivatives — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material. Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.

## Credits

* Special thanks to Cosharek For Help In The Creation Of The UI Design.
* Special thanks to Alphakush and CMD.Telhada for help with initial testing.

Commit message:

Update Test For ESX Identity v1.3.0

README.md, after:

# esx_identity

## Requirements
* Dependencies For Full Functionality
  * [esx_skin](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_skin)
  * [esx_policejob](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_policejob)
  * [esx_society](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_society)

## Download & Installation

### Using [fvm](https://github.com/qlaffont/fvm-installer)
```
fvm install --save --folder=esx esx-org/esx_identity
```

### Using Git
```
cd resources
git clone https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_identity [esx]/esx_identity
```

### Manually
- Download https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_identity/archive/master.zip
- Put it in the `[esx]` directory

## Installation
- Import `esx_identity.sql` in your database
- Add this to your `server.cfg`:

```
start esx_identity
```

- If you are using esx_policejob or esx_society, you need to enable the following in the scripts' `config.lua`:
```Config.EnableESXIdentity          = true```

### Commands
```
/register
/charlist
/charselect
/chardel
```

# Legal
### License
esx_identity - rp characters

Copyright (C) 2015-2020 Jérémie N'gadi

This program Is free software: you can redistribute it And/Or modify it under the terms Of the GNU General Public License As published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 Of the License, Or (at your option) any later version.

This program Is distributed In the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty Of MERCHANTABILITY Or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License For more details.

You should have received a copy Of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If Not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
